This program allows you to create a 'chart' showing all the albums you
like, so that you can share your music tastes in a compact and
visually appealing way. It is designed as an open source alternative
to sites like neverendingchartrendering (topsters 2) and the original
topsters (which went down for a while).

It can use LastFM and Discogs to fetch album covers and information,
and it will store these locally and cache them in a local database.

It has the ability to create topsters2-style charts (with 100 tiles)
or other variations such as arbitrary AxB sized charts with any tile
size you want. It can also list the album artists and names on the
right hand side, separated so that you can see which list corresponds
to which row. You can also change colours.

There are two ways to save charts; either by "exporting" as JSON and
saving to your hard drive, then re-importing, or by creating an
account (using session cookies) and storing on the server. Both do
pretty much the same thing.

Bugs I have noticed are scant, though I haven't accounted for many
edge cases, and the code largely assumes that the user knows what
they're doing viz. don't mess it up. The font that I have included can
only display Latin and Japanese characters, so if you have an album
title containing Arabic or something, it probably won't show up, and
only display as boxes. I have been unable to find a solution to this
short of perhaps rendering each album title separately and guessing
which font needs to be used.

As usual, this is available under the CC0 license (public domain).

The fonts included, mona.ttf and noto.ttc have their own licenses:

'Noto' is a trademark of Google Inc. Noto fonts are open source. All
Noto fonts are published under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1.
http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL

The 'mona.ttf' font is licensed into the public domain. The author's
page is here: http://monafont.sourceforge.net/

I have used umbrella.js in this project, Created and maintained by 
Francisco Presencia under the MIT license.
https://github.com/franciscop/umbrella
